Add information about building React Native for Windows apps (#3265)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-uwp: hub/apps/get-started/index.md

* [API reference (.NET)](/dotnet/api/index)
* [Enhancing Windows Forms apps](/dotnet/framework/winforms/advanced/)

#### [React Native for Windows](#tab/rnw)
[React Native](https://reactnative.dev) is a development platform from Facebook which allows building cross-platform apps.

> React Native for Windows brings React Native support for the Windows 10 and Windows 11 SDKs, enabling you touse JavaScript to build native Windows apps for all devices supported by Windows 10 and Windows 11, including PCs, tablets, 2-in-1s, Xbox, Mixed reality devices, etc. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React Native for Windows brings React Native support for the Windows 10 and Windows 11 SDKs, enabling you to use JavaScript to build native Windows apps for all devices supported by Windows 10 and Windows 11, including PCs, tablets, 2-in-1s, Xbox, Mixed reality devices, etc. 
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[React Native for Windows](https://aka.ms/reactnative) brings React Native support for the Windows 10 and Windows 11 SDKs, enabling you touse JavaScript to build native Windows apps for all devices supported by Windows 10 and Windows 11, including PCs, tablets, 2-in-1s, Xbox, Mixed reality devices, etc. 
```
Not sure if this is the right place for _this_ link, but a link of some sort seems appropriate. Somewhere needs to link to the root aka.ms.

> React Native for Windows brings React Native support for the Windows 10 and Windows 11 SDKs, enabling you to use JavaScript to build native Windows apps for all devices supported by Windows 10 and Windows 11, including PCs, tablets, 2-in-1s, Xbox, Mixed reality devices, etc. 

Author: ```suggestion
[React Native for Windows](https://aka.ms/reactnative) brings React Native support for the Windows 10 and Windows 11 SDKs, enabling you to use JavaScript to build native Windows apps for all devices supported by Windows 10 and Windows 11, including PCs, tablets, 2-in-1s, Xbox, Mixed reality devices, etc. 
```

> React Native is a development platfrom from Facebook which allows building cross-platform apps.
> React Native for Windows brings [React Native](https://reactnative.dev) support for the Windows 10 SDK. With this, you can use JavaScript to build native Windows apps for all devices supported by Windows 10 including PCs, tablets, 2-in-1s, Xbox, Mixed reality devices, etc. 
> 
> With React Native for Windows, you write most or all of your app code in JavaScript - or TypeScript - and the framework produces a native UWP XAML. If you need to call a system API that is not yet available to JavaScript, you can easily write a native module to expose it.
> 
> Some reasons to choose React Native for Windows:

Author: ```suggestion
[React Native](https://reactnative.dev) is a development platform from Facebook which allows building cross-platform apps.
React Native for Windows brings React Native support for the Windows 10 and Windows 11 SDKs, enabling you touse JavaScript to build native Windows apps for all devices supported by Windows 10 and Windows 11, including PCs, tablets, 2-in-1s, Xbox, Mixed reality devices, etc. 

With React Native for Windows, you write most or all of your app code in JavaScript - or TypeScript - and the framework produces a native UWP XAML application. If your app needs to call a platform API, you can usually do so through one of the many [community modules](https://reactnative.directory), or a module does not yet exist, you can easily write a native module to expose it.

Here are some reasons to choose React Native for Windows:
```

> With React Native for Windows, you write most or all of your app code in JavaScript - or TypeScript - and the framework produces a native UWP XAML application. If your app needs to call a platform API, you can usually do so through one of the many [community modules](https://reactnative.directory), or a module does not yet exist, you can easily write a native module to expose it.

Reviewer: Should this link to RNW's module documentation? https://microsoft.github.io/react-native-windows/docs/native-modules

Reviewer 2: "....or [if] a module does not yet exist,.."

Author: it's linked to in the list at the bottom but I can link it here too/instead.

```suggestion
With React Native for Windows, you write most or all of your app code in JavaScript - or TypeScript - and the framework produces a native UWP XAML application. If your app needs to call a platform API, you can usually do so through one of the many [community modules](https://reactnative.directory), or if a module does not yet exist, you can easily [write a native module to expose it](https://aka.ms/RNW-NativeModules).
```

Reviewer 2: "...or [if] a module does not yet exist, you can..."

Reviewer 2: Suggest that we link React Native Windows to [https://microsoft.github.io/react-native-windows/] since we link React Native out to Facebook's site.

> - you want to share code across platforms as much as possible, or you have web properties that you want to share code with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You want to share code across platforms as much as possible, or you have web properties that you want to share code with.
```

> - improved developer productivity and inner loop, thanks to fast refresh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved developer productivity and inner loop, thanks to fast refresh.
```

> - your app's fundamentals (performance, accessibility, internationalization) are as good as a native UWP app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your app's fundamentals (performance, accessibility, internationalization) are as good as a native UWP app.
```
Also this is a strange one. Should it be "need to be as good as a native UWP app"?

Reviewer 2: How are we determining what "good" is? Do we have any baselines/min requirements we can share or link to the docs that specifies those requirements?

> - Your app's fundamentals (performance, accessibility, internationalization) are as good as a native UWP app.

Reviewer 2: I believe I had commented on this earlier but assuming a developer isn't familiar with the performance, accessibility, and internalization of UWP, it might help to point them to those articles. From a guidance perspective, will developers clearly know what "good" is and how to achieve it? 

This is mainly important if this is a requirement or prerequisite to using React Native for Windows.

> - you already have experience with JavaScript or TypeScript and feel comfortable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You have experience with and a preference for JavaScript or TypeScript
```

> - you can leverage all of the JS-only libraries on [npmjs.com](https://www.npmjs.com/), and many native libraries too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You would like to leverage JavaScript-only libraries on [npmjs.com](https://www.npmjs.com/), and many native libraries too.
```

> - On Windows, you get an app that "fits" with the platform, and has a standard and well designed way to allow you to call platform APIs, and write your own view managers or native modules.

Reviewer: This doesn't feel like a difference of React Native over straight native. Strike this bullet?

Author: I meant this as a difference between e.g. PWA or other "web-y" things, vs. RNW. Any suggestions on how to word it differently?

Reviewer 2: "you get an app that 'fits' with the platform" - reads as if "fits" is a result that Windows returns. 
Same comment as above about app fundamentals - we should be specific about what we mean by "standard and well designed".

Author: ```suggestion
- Your app will use the native controls, visual appearance, animations and colors, and therefore will feel integrated into the design language used in Windows. In addition, React Native for Windows apps do not have to compromise on the set of APIs they can call, as the framework allows you to call platform APIs as well as write your own view managers and native modules.
```

> - Large and growing community momentum, with lots of community modules.

Reviewer: This feels like the more appropriate place to link to https://reactnative.directory

Author: ```suggestion
- Large and growing community momentum, with lots of [community modules](https://reactnative.directory).
```

For more information about React Native for Windows, see the following links:
* [React Native for Windows repo on GitHub](https://github.com/microsoft/react-native-windows)
* [Getting started with React Native for Windows](https://aka.ms/ReactNativeGuideWindows)

> * [Native modules in React Native for Windows](https://microsoft.github.io/react-native-windows/docs/native-modules)

Author: ```suggestion
* [Native modules in React Native for Windows](https://aka.ms/RNW-NativeModules)
```
